Classic sites page is deprecated (#2536)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/site-collections-page.md

![Ribbon on site collections page](media/site-collections-menu.png)

> > [!IMPORTANT] The Classic site collections page for was removed on 10/22/2020. This article shows the features that were present in the Classic site collections page and where to find them in the new SharePoint admin center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The Classic site collections page was removed on October 22, 2020. This article shows the features that were present in the Classic site collections page and where to find them in the new SharePoint admin center.
```

![Storage columns](media/storage-columns.png)

> Most of the sites that were listed in the classic SharePoint admin center are included on the [Active sites page](https://admin.microsoft.com/sharepoint?page=siteManagement&modern=true). A few are hidden because they're system sites that you shouldn’t need to change. The [Active sites page](https://admin.microsoft.com/sharepoint?page=siteManagement&modern=true) contains all the new team sites and communication sites that didn’t appear in the classic SharePoint admin center. To see the site list as it in the way it appeared in the classic SharePoint admin center, from the **Buil-in views** menu, select **Classic sites**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the sites that were listed in the classic SharePoint admin center are included on the [Active sites page](https://admin.microsoft.com/sharepoint?page=siteManagement&modern=true). A few are hidden because they're system sites that you shouldn’t need to change. The [Active sites page](https://admin.microsoft.com/sharepoint?page=siteManagement&modern=true) contains all the new team sites and communication sites that didn’t appear in the classic SharePoint admin center. To see the site list as it appeared in the classic SharePoint admin center, from the **Buil-in views** menu, select **Classic sites**.  
```
